DOC: document column attrs with Copy-on-Write (#65645)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/user_guide/migration.rst

    df["foo"] = df["foo"].replace(1, 5)
    df

**Column attributes cannot be used to store column-level metadata**

``DataFrame.attrs`` and ``Series.attrs`` remain available for metadata on the

> object itself. With CoW, setting ``attrs`` on a ``Series`` returned by selecting

Reviewer: This is unrelated to CoW, it’s the removal of the item_cache

> object itself. With CoW, setting ``attrs`` on a ``Series`` returned by selecting
> a :class:`DataFrame` column is not a supported way to attach metadata to that
> column. A future access to the same column may return a different ``Series``
> object without those attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
object itself. Previously, setting ``attrs`` on a ``Series`` returned by selecting
a :class:`DataFrame` column would work in some cases due to 
internal caching; such caching has been removed and is not a supported way
to attach metadata to that column. A future access to the same column will
now return a different ``Series`` object without those attributes.
```
